web: Add codehost entry for src serve-git (#12754)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/non-git.md

>NOTE: If using Perforce, see the [Perforce repositories with Sourcegraph guide](../repo/perforce.md).

## Use `src serve-git`

> Since Sourcegraph 3.19 we recommend users to use [`src serve-git`](src_serve_git.md). `src serve-git` only provides the serving of git repositories (no snapshotting). We found users generally wanted to control the git repos and snapshotting overcomplicated the interface. Additionally `src serve-git` uses a faster and modern git transfer protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Sourcegraph 3.19 we recommend users to use [`src serve-git`](src_serve_git.md). `src serve-git` only provides the serving of git repositories (no snapshotting). We found users generally wanted to control the git repos and snapshotting complicated the setup. Additionally `src serve-git` uses a fast and modern git transfer protocol.
```
